Q1 d) explanation should contain : Total packet size is 60 (32 + 8 extra bytes for the ICMP header + 20 bytes IP header)  (deduction of mark is 0.5).

Q2 a)  explanation should contain : weak correlation related information (deduction of mark is 0.5).
Q2 b)  reason for loss contain : congestion (deduction of mark is 1).


Q6 b) There must be common hope, at least gateway etc, (deduction of mark is 1).

 Q 6 C) your reason is not properly discus; reason should contain change in route could be some kind of failure on intermediate path or congestion or migration of destination VM servers across data centers.  (deduction of mark is 1)

Q 6 d) Your answer should contain fallowing information 
Traceroute will not show devices that do not decrement the TTL fields of an IP datagram. It also will not show devices which decrement the TTL field, and consume the packet if TTL reaches zero, but neglect to inform the sender of this event via an ICMP datagram. This is not entirely invisible it can be inferred the existence of this missing hop in the traceroute because when the next higher TTL value is used, the next device in the chain does respond, and we know that something between that and the previous device is decrementing TTL, but not announcing itself. Traceroute output puts asterisk (*) in that cases.  (deduction of mark is 1).

Q 6 e )Your answer should contain fallowing information 

In ping, source host generates ICMP ECHO REQUEST packets, and intermediate hosts only forward them to next hop. Only the destination host replies back to source with ICMP ECHO REPLY packet. But in traceroute, source node sends packets with TTL values which gradually increase in each generated packet, starting with TTL value 1. Routers decrement TTL values of packets by one while routing, and discard packets whose TTL value has reached 0, returning an ICMP error message to source. Source keeps track of these messages till it hears from destination, to get the entire path. It is possible that a host is not replying to ping protocol whereas it is replying back for the traceroute protocol. One reason might be that the host has deliberately disabled reply for ping request, whereas it generates an ICMP timeout error message for the packets generated by traceroute, being unaware that the packet is generated by traceroute. (deduction of mark is 0.5).

Q 8 c) Not attempted (deduction of mark is 1).
